Added procedural steps for "Following People on GitHub" (#8900)
github/docs: content/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/following-people.md

topics:
  - Profile
---

## About followers on {% data variables.product.product_name %}

> When you follow people, you'll see their public activity in the activity view of your news feed.{% ifversion fpt %} If someone you follow stars a public repository, {% data variables.product.product_name %} may recommend the repository to you in the discovery view of your news feed.{% endif %}.

Reviewer: Small typo:

```suggestion
When you follow people, you'll see their public activity in the activity view of your news feed.{% ifversion fpt %} If someone you follow stars a public repository, {% data variables.product.product_name %} may recommend the repository to you in the discovery view of your news feed{% endif %}.
```

> When you follow people, you'll see their public activity in the activity view of your news feed.{% ifversion fpt %} If someone you follow stars a public repository, {% data variables.product.product_name %} may recommend the repository to you in the discovery view of your news feed{% endif %}.

Reviewer: Sorry, just realized that we still have `..` in the GHES and GHAE version of the docs...

```suggestion
When you follow people, you'll see their public activity in the activity view of your news feed.{% ifversion fpt %} If someone you follow stars a public repository, {% data variables.product.product_name %} may recommend the repository to you in the discovery view of your news feed.{% endif %}
```

You can unfollow someone if you do not wish to see their public activity on {% data variables.product.product_name %}.

## Following a user on {% data variables.product.product_name %}

> 1. Visit a user profile you want to follow by clicking on their user image.

Reviewer: Suggest this might be clearer as:

```suggestion
1. Click a user image to display that user's profile.
```

> ![Username](../../../assets/images/help/profile/user-profile-image.png) 

Reviewer: The link to the image can be defined just from `/assets` and it should probably have a slightly more informative description. I think the image also needs to be indented by two spaces to ensure that the numbered steps are correctly displayed.

```suggestion
  ![User image](/assets/images/help/profile/user-profile-image.png) 
```

> 1. Click **Follow** button under their profile image.

Reviewer: There's a lot to remember, but we don't usually mention that it's a button, see advice in the style guide: https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/content-style-guide.md#buttons.

```suggestion
1. Click **Follow** under their profile image.
```

> ![Follow user button](/assets/images/help/profile/follow-user-button.png)

Reviewer: Indenting the image so that it appears within the numbered steps.
```suggestion
  ![Follow user button](/assets/images/help/profile/follow-user-button.png)
```

## Unfollowing a user on {% data variables.product.product_name %}

> 1.  Visit a user profile you want to unfollow by clicking on their user image.
> 
> ![Username](../../../assets/images/help/profile/user-profile-image.png) 
> 
> 1.  Click **Unfollow** button under their profile image.
> 
> ![User profile button](../../../assets/images/help/profile/user-profile-unfollow-button.png) 

Reviewer: As before:

```suggestion
1.  Click a user image to display that user's profile.

  ![User image](/assets/images/help/profile/user-profile-image.png) 

1.  Click **Unfollow** under their profile image.

  ![User profile button](/assets/images/help/profile/user-profile-unfollow-button.png) 
```
